Update documentation (#265)
webrecorder/archiveweb.page: README.md

The extension makes use of the Chrome debugging protocol to capture and save network traffic, and extends the [ReplayWeb.page](https://github.com/webrecorder/replayweb.page) UI and the [wabac.js](https://github.com/webrecorder/wabac.js) service worker system for replay and storage.

## Development

> The Chromium extension and Electron app is built from the same source code for ease of development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chromium extension and Electron app are built from the same source code for ease of development.
```

1. Clone this repo:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/webrecorder/archiveweb.page.git
    ```
2. Change the working directory:
    ```sh
    cd archiveweb.page
    ```
3. Install dependencies:
    ```sh
    yarn install
    ```
4. Make development build:
    ```sh
    yarn build-dev
    ```

The development build can now be used to develop the extension or Electron app.

### Developing the Chromium extension

To install the extension locally, load the development build as an unpacked extension:

1. Open the Chrome Extensions page ([chrome://extensions](chrome://extensions)).

2. Choose 'Load Unpacked Extension' and point to the `./dist/ext` directory in your local copy of this repo.

3. Click the extension icon to show the extension popup, start archiving, etc...

#### Update extension on code changes

To watch source code files and recompile the development build on change, run:

```sh
yarn run start-ext
```

Now, saving changes to source will automatically rebuild the `dist/ext` directory.

After making changes, the extension still needs to be reloaded in the browser.

1. From the Chrome extensions page, click the reload button to load the latest version.

> 2. Click the extension icon to show the extension popup, start recording, etc... The dev build of the extension will be grey to differntiate from the production version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click the extension icon to show the extension popup, start recording, etc... The dev build of the extension will be a different color from the production version.
```
